welcome everyone glad to present you
bsd premium cars
racing is a monster and a bar
scale 15 and all models are made on
very high ideas on technical form
cars carry a huge stock
power
powerful peace collector power
installation and four-wheel drive
guarantees dictating power and high
speed
both models have the same device and
differ in hulls and wheels except
this name is set back
rear wing
with a variable angle of attack we have full
spare parts list for these machines
the kit already included two power
lithium polymer batteries on 11 1
volts for 5 thousand 200 milliamper hours
each and note how convenient
batteries are installed thanks to
thoughtful fixation system from the company
bsd racing
all-wheel drive model scale 15 and
equipped with a brushless power
installation with active cooling
supporting voltage up to 22 and 2
tenths volts is a huge model
hit you with your chassis
characteristics
extremely durable and reliable
all-wheel drive transmission and efficient
independent suspension allows
overcome any off-road
rather powerful brushless motor and
programmable electronic controller
speeds of 150 amps will give a solid
power and torque reserve
streamlined aerodynamic body
reduce air resistance when
driving at high speeds and a lot
rear wing securely hold the rear axle
turning
an important touch to the stylish look
models bring pretentious collapsible wheels
there are tires with large tires on the disk
protector
providing fantastic grip
on all types of road surfaces including
mud grass and oil schedule
aluminum shock absorbers have
threaded adjustment large steering
servo machine with metal gear
has a force of 18 kilograms powerful
anodized model chassis guarantees
a large margin of safety and a bumper and
energy efficiently protect it
from bumps and gives a stylish look great
rear wing
has the ability to adjust the presser
strengths for maximum convenience and
driving safety heavy powerful
model manufacturer equips it
control equipment with a frequency of 2 and 4
gigahertz allowing you to forget about interference
and concentrate fully on
management
me
but
Yes